Initial Pass at Significant Policies (#2)
FortAwesome/Security-Docs-and-Attestation: Change_Management_Policy.md

# CHANGE MANAGEMENT POLICY (DRAFT)

## Classification Level
Publicly available

## Review Information

__Mandatory Reivew Period__

Yearly

__Date of Last Review__

N/A

## Introduction

A change management policy helps employees and external parties understand the processes by which we change our software and 
systems. Specifically it helps us and them reason about when, how, and why things might change that may have an impact on 
functionality.

### Goal Statement

At present, we are a small company (literally everyone in the company knows everyone else on a first name basis). Any change 
is easily vetted with all internal stakeholders and subject matter experts. However, it is easy, especially within a group 

> the is very comfortable with one another, to grow complacent in our rigor around validating the impact of a change. To that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is very comfortable with one another, to grow complacent in our rigor around validating the impact of a change. To that 
```

end there is some benefit in formalizing aspects of change management or, at minimum, capturing what commonly occurs. When 
contemplating or initiaing change we should always apply due diligence in the consideration of client needs while balancing
our needs as well.

### Background Statement 

We, at Fonticons, know our culture but it is entirely reasonable for others planning to use our technology to desire to 
understand how and why are software and services might change. This is especially true as some of our changes may not be 
backward compatible or may have unforseen impacts (since our software is opensource and thus can and is often leveraged in 
ways that we do not expect).

## Definitions 

### Terms

> * The word we shall mean Fonticons Inc, all Fonticons employees and any individuals contracting with Fonticons to complete work.

Reviewer: Same question from above regarding quoting or bolding the terms.

* Employee shall mean an individual directly employed by Fonticons Inc and all contractors, consultants, temporary employees, or business partners.
* User shall mean any individual who is not an employee.

> * Client shall mean a person or entity who installs or configures part or all of the Font Awesome free product/service for use on a website or product not owned or otherwise controlled by Fonticons.

Reviewer 2: "Font Awesome" shoud this expand to mean any of our products and services since we still support Fort Awesome and the upcoming Shoelace project/product

> * Pro client shall mean a person or entity who installs or configures part or all of the Font Awesome paid product/service for use on a website or product not owned or otherwise controlled by Fonticons.

Reviewer 2: "Font Awesome" -> same as comment above

> * Fonticons system shall mean any computers, communication systems, platforms, and any other information technology systems used by Fonticons Inc., to provide the Font Awesome product and service.

Reviewer 2: "Font Awesome" -> same as above

* Font Awesome service shall mean the technologies that make the Font Awesome product available to clients, users, and site users.

## Policy 

1. This policy applies to changes that directly impact clients. Like for like functional changes such as those associated with operations or security follow a different policy. 
1. All employees may suggest, request, or initiate a change to the Font Awesome product or service.
1. Any user with access to GitHub may suggest or request a change to the Font Awesome product or service.
1. All changes must either be classified as technical or design changes.
   1. Technical changes are changes to the Font Awesome service or the aspects of the Font Awesome product that are not direct visual representations of icons and their metadata.
   1. Design changes are changes to direct visual representations of icons and their metadata.
1. Technical changes must be approved by the head of development.
1. Design changes must be approved by the head of design.
1. The head of development and head of design should take special care to consider the impact to clients and users within the bounds of expected usage.

>    1. To facilitate this policy Fonticons must maintain an up-to-date expected usage statement.

Reviewer: Oh my. @alexpoiry you'll have to educate me on "expected usage statement".

Author: So, if you pulled down a random SVG and used the data in a path to seed a random number generator, then we changed that path and it broke your RNG, that is your problem because that is NOT expected usage.

Reviewer 2: Do we have any "expected usage statements"?

1. The head of development and head of design should consult with the CTO or other department heads (e.g., head of security or head of operations) if the proposed change is significant or otherwise has special significance in another department.
1. All changes must ultimately be tracked in our project management software unless they are an emergency fix. In those instances the fact that the fix was an emergency must be recorded in code management.
1. We will attempt to release standard changes every 6-8 weeks.

> 1. The head of development and CTO may choose to release an emergency fix at any cadence they deems necessary for the stability of the product or service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The head of development and CTO may choose to release an emergency or maintenance fix at any cadence they deem necessary for the stability of the product or service.
```

## Procedures

> 1. An employee that detects any violation of this policy must report the issue to their supervisor, the head of development (Rob Madole), the head of design (Jory Raphael) the head of security (Alex Poiry), or the CTO (Travis Chase).

Reviewer 2: Since this is a public document do we want to list the person's name or just leave the title in there?

Author: It is a document that is safe for the public to view but it is also a statement of how we do things.  I'll remove them for now but I don't think it is a problem one way or the other (as long as everyone understands spear phishing and whaling).

> 1. Intentionally or maliciously violating this policy is a serious offense and grouds for termination of employeement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Intentionally or maliciously violating this policy is a serious offense and grounds for termination of employment.
```
